API Products: Write new docs & revise naming (#5721)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/reference/labels.md

## Setting labels

You can use labels separately on the control plane and data planes.

> * On the control plane, you can set labels for runtime groups, and for services in the API product builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On the control plane, you can set labels for runtime groups, and for services in API Products.
```
